Dragon's Reach`Player controlled faction`Faction born of the chilling north- the land is broken and scarred by years of the dragon's conflict with the giantfolk. It is said that the last dragon's bide their time in wait for the time the giant's tyranny comes to a close.
Lannisport`Player controlled faction`This faction rests on two vital trade arteries to the interior and was also blessed with abundant natural resources. They are known as the gold state for the money they produce.
Therondor`Player controlled faction`These hearty dwarves spend their time in the depths of the land- exploring and extracting valuable resources. Their armies inspire fear in their enemies and their citadels are a sight to behold.
Mount Kalistar`Player controlled faction` Ancestral home of the Giants, this land has since been vacated. Their iron-handed slavery having come to an end, the gnomes have risen up and reclaimed their rightful place as rulers of Mount Kalistar.
Ellea'thara`Player controlled faction`These elves call the vast forests of Ellea'thara their home. They are one with nature, producing abundance from their land without the desecration that other races bring. Magic is in their blood, and despite the past calamity, they'll seek to leverage magic for all the sentient race's benefit.
The Capital`Player controlled faction`The empire was founded by Good Prince Edward who is now known as Good King Edward. A paladin of the highest caliber, he brought peace to a land constantly at war. He has since stepped down from the throne, recognizing that some being has garnered undue influence over his thoughts. A republic has been erected, with each kingdom having members on the ruling council. Will the empire survive King Edward's seclusion?
The Mothari Plainsfolk`Player controlled faction`These hardy plains dwellers grow enough food to provide for the continent. Their mounted forces tear across the wide open expanses of the plains, their heavy cavalry unmatched.
The Outlands`Player controlled faction`The faction of misfits and ill-belonging sentients, the population of the Outlands is composed of primarily Orcs and Goblins. They were one of the last kingdoms to bend the knee, and as such aren't given the respect they know they deserve.
The Wild Lands`Player controlled faction`These region of Valanar is one of untouched frontier and dense jungle. The massive rivers which cross these lands facilitate trade of massive amounts of natural resources. Most of their land is undeveloped and they're constantly seeking to draw colonists to help them conquer the frontier.